The fastest way to get played is needing
a man to save you.
So, if you were hoping a man will come
to upgrade your life, this video is
going to hurt. And ladies, no offense
because I used to be that girl. I used
to think that I need a man to save me,
to upgrade my lifestyle, to give me a
life that I thought I could not give
myself. Until a moment came where life
forced me to either step up or stay
miserable for the rest of my life.
And I chose the first. That's why today
I'm going to show you how you become the
woman that can never be played on, who
never needs saving again. Hi guys, and
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Mikaela, and today I want to get right
into this. The first thing I need you to
understand is that you're pursuing a
fantasy. And yes, it is a fantasy to
think that a man will come to save you.
It is fantasy to think that a man's
money creates some kind of stability and
safety for you that will change your
life. So, I want to challenge you on
this fantasy. For me personally, I used
to think that I can only live a feminine
and soft life when I have a man
providing for me. In my brain, I could
not wrap it together and understand how
can I possibly be successful and live
the life I want to live without
overworking, overdoing, and be complete
in my masculine energy, not enjoying
life, not taking care of myself. In the
same time, I thought I have to be super
ugly if I want to be super successful.
So, I had weird beliefs around success,
and I always thought only men can be
successful. You need a lot of masculine
energy to be successful and make a lot
of money. And these exact beliefs led me
into thinking that I need a man. I need
a man to provide for me. I need a man to
give me that lifestyle so I can finally
be soft and feminine. I need a man to
make my life easier and take off all the
responsibilities.
While in a way that's not wrong, I kept
talking about that in my other channel,
which by the way is at the moment not
available. I got hacked and they removed
the channel after the hijack. So, now
I'm in the process of resolving it, but
be assured the channel will come back
and if not I'm going to re-upload all
the old videos on this channel. What I
wanted to say is that yes, there is
nothing wrong with wanting from a man.
But when you have the belief that you
need a man for saving, you need a man to
create that safety for you in your life,
you need a man to have a specific
lifestyle, you are going to be trapped.
You're first of all setting yourself up
for failure, and second, you're going to
tolerate men that are not good for you.
So, I want you to challenge the belief
because actually a man's money a man
with money does not bring you any
safety, okay? And I have been in a
relationship with a man that was
successful, that had a lot of money. But
ultimately, at the end of this
relationship, I had nothing, okay? You
do not really have safety. A man's money
does not create safety for you. It's
still the man's money, and just because
he has a lot in his bank account does
not make you more successful, more safe,
or having a better lifestyle. Yes, you
will be living a better lifestyle for a
while, which is great, and it can expose
you to
new opportunities, to new perspectives
in life if you use them. But if you do
not use them, and many girls don't, and
simply enjoy the lifestyle for what it
is, you're going to end up with empty
hands. Wanting a man to remove your
responsibilities in life is not feminine
at all. It's avoidance. You're avoiding
your own responsibilities, and you're
also avoiding your own power. As a
woman, as a feminine woman, you can be
so successful, and I think we have to
normalize this more on the internet. You
do not need to be masculine to be
successful, okay? In any way, there is
nothing feminine in living a lifestyle
that is not in your hands. You're
avoiding your own responsibilities, and
then you're pretty much looking for
reassurance in a man instead of
competence. You want a soft life without
creating the stability first. And this
is almost like getting a cake in the
bakery versus baking it yourself. If you
always get the cake in the bakery, you
never learn how to bake the cake. You do
not know what the ingredients are, you
do not know what the process is, you do
not learn through the process of baking
a cake. You simply go to the bakery and
buy the cake, which is comfortable,
sounds nice, but at any moment this cake
can be taken away from you, and you will
not know how to create a cake from
scratch. Ultimately, this energy will
make you tolerate bare minimum men
because you think having money and
getting money is all you need. And once
you have it, you do not want him to take
it away from you. You're accepting
mistreatment, malbehavior, worst case
even abuse. You're accepting things that
normally you wouldn't tolerate. When you
do not have your options, you also have
no base to negotiate on. And apart from
that, you will definitely lose your
confidence. And then you're going to
completely lose yourself because you do
everything to not lose that person, that
lifestyle, that money, etc. Now, what
happens if money is your only need? You
ignore red flags. You're always going to
attract manipulators into your life when
you're coming from that broke energy or
energy of luck. And no offense, I did
that too. I thought I prefer to be with
a man that is emotionally unstable,
unsafe, cheating on me, etc., etc., as
long as he provides for me, as long as
he has enough money to give me the
lifestyle I want. But surprise,
surprise, it didn't work. Why? Because I
felt miserable. I cannot abandon myself
for a man. I cannot just shut my mouth
and not say anything when I feel
disrespected. I am simply not okay with
giving up myself, my life, and my
purpose just to please a man. The next
thing that happens is that you
over-attach quickly. Of course, when a
man comes into your life, he's giving
you the sweet treatments, he's love
bombing you with gifts, money, etc.,
you're going to think, "Wow, I want this
forever. This is my husband. I need him
to be with me all my life." You're going
to emotionally attach, and then for the
man, for them, it's kind of an easy
play. They put some money on the line,
some flowers, some gifts, and they can
do whatever they want. They know this
girl is not going to leave. And that
brings me into the next thing you need
to know.
Even men who are naturally not
manipulators will be manipulating you if
they know they can. If you give them the
chance, of course. We all, every human
person, is manipulating in their own
ways and in their own ranges. Some are
doing it more, some are doing it less.
It's in our human nature, okay? And men,
if they know they have control over you,
they will use it to their benefit.
That's why it is so important that you
will never hand him that control. Never
hand him everything. Never hand him the
control over how you feel, your
emotions, your lifestyle, the way you
live, the way you are. These are things
they need to stay in your control
always, okay? From now on, I want you to
change your mindset around money. I want
you to see money as freedom and not
something that can only be achieved
through masculine energy. You need to
know deep down that money does not make
you masculine. It does not require
masculinity. Money actually is so
feminine because money is supposed to
flow. And what is femininity about? It
is about flowing in life. And you know
what I noticed? The less I care about
money, the less I want to force money,
and I simply let go of it and let it
flow, I am grateful when I spend, the
more money comes in, okay? So, you need
to really rewire your whole brain and
mindset around money. Money does not
only give you freedom, is not only
feminine, it also gives you standards.
It gives you choices, and it changes who
you are attracted to. Now, when I'm
reflecting on my life and the choices I
made, the decisions I took, I realize so
many choices and decisions I wouldn't
take today. And I realized also that I
took them based on the belief that men
can bring me a better lifestyle, can
bring me certain materialistic things
that I can never bring myself. And
because my focus lied so much on those
materialistic things and money, I did
not see all the other red flags. I did
not see all the other aspects. But
today, I would never ever choose the
same man that I chose in my past. Simply
because they cannot bring me anything in
my life apart from money, and I know how
to make my own money. I know now how to
create wealth and success in my own
life. So, they have nothing else to
offer. Now, you will ask yourself,
"Okay, girl, but how can I be
successful? I want to have a nice life
also. I want to be successful. How do I
do that? Do I need to look different? Do
I need to act different? What do I need
to do to be successful? I cannot do
that.
First of all, yes, you can, okay? You're
so capable of doing that. Everyone is
capable of having success and wealth in
their life. It's simply a mindset game,
okay? It's all up here. And the first
thing you need to tell yourself is that
yes, you can. Whatever
limiting belief you have,
write down that belief in your head or
in real life and burn it, throw it away.
Like what I did with my therapist was to
lie down and imagine or think about each
of my limiting beliefs one by one. This
limiting belief was a glowing light
bulb, okay? Now, when you see this
glowing light bulb connected with your
limiting belief, which can be I cannot
be successful because I'm not beautiful
enough, or I cannot be successful
because I am not feminine enough, I am
too feminine, I am not having the
skills, etc., etc. One by one, you
imagine this light bulb glowing very
bright and then screw that light bulb
out and throw it away. Once the light
bulb breaks, you take a new light bulb,
you are imagining the opposite of that
limiting belief, which is I can be
successful. I am capable of success.
Success is in my nature. I have all the
skills I need to be successful. Whatever
comes to your mind,
in your imagination, you write it down
or you write it in that light bulb and
then
you take that new light bulb, screw it
in, and you imagine how it is shining
bright. You do that with each one of
your limiting beliefs. It's one exercise
that helped me so much to remove or
actually change my limiting beliefs
subconsciously. You will think that's
not going to help. Believe me, try it
out. It is changing the way how you move
in your daily day. The next thing to
become successful is to have a growth
mindset. There are people who have a
fixed mindset and then there are people
who have a growth mindset. What does
that mean? People with a fixed mindset
think things are set in stone. Like, I
need a man to be rich. I need a man to
provide for me. I need a man for a
specific lifestyle. People with a fixed
mindset have difficulties to actually
see the possibilities of their lives, of
their character, of their skills. For
example, that intelligence is something
set in stone and it can cannot become
more or better even with practicing.
They also do not like challenges and
once they fail with something, they give
up. And because they are so afraid and
trying to avoid failure, they're also
missing opportunities. For example, in
high school, let's say you were not so
good with languages. Now, there was a
course offered that would improve your
English skills. People with a fixed
mindset would say, "No, thanks." because
they do not want to fail. Because a
failure would imply that they are simply
bad in something. Now, people with a
growth mindset are the exact opposite.
They would take on that course thinking
that they're going to be better. Every
failure is a sign that they can become
better in that field, that they need to
learn maybe a bit more, need to put more
effort in, but they can become better.
And let me tell you, the most successful
people are not the ones who were born
successful in a successful family, with
successful people around them. No. The
really successful people were born not
so talented, were born not so skilled,
not so intelligent. Experts told them
that they would never make it. Yet,
these things didn't let them stop. They
improved, they practiced, and then they
became one of the most famous artists,
painters, singers, book writers, and so
on. The main point here is that success
is not talent. It's how much are you
willing to accept failure? How much
effort are you willing to put in
something? How much are you willing to
practice for something? To be good in
something, yes, you need skills, but
skills are not set in stone. They can be
learned. Income is not set in stone. It
can be increased. Confidence is not set
in stone. Confidence comes from
competence and competence can be
increased. If you truly want to be
successful, choose something that you
like and be ready to expand in that
field. Be ready to take on failures.
This is not easy, but it's not meant to
be easy. It's not meant to be like
walking on clouds. Friction is actually
what gives us strength, experience, what
gives us the skills we need to go
through those frictions. And I, for
example, used to get so upset when I was
not talking great on a YouTube video,
when I didn't have enough views. I was
thinking, "Why is it?" I was being so
hard on myself. But now I see it as a
stepping stone. It shows me that, "Hey,
there is still room to improve." I was
still growing and expanding and wanting
to move forward, trying to understand
how to become better. In the previous
version of me, where I would always get
mad at myself, I was being so mean and
bad to myself, which was unnecessary
because, again, it's a great opportunity
to become better. Whenever I had a
failure, whenever I was going through
difficulties in my life, whenever I was
going through a heartbreak, whenever I
was facing really hard days and I
thought I can never get out of this. I
will never be again happy. I will never
become successful. It gave me such a
strong drive to become better, to learn,
to do more. I did not give up and this
is exactly what will make you
successful. It's not what you talk
about. It's not what exactly you do.
It's not where you do it. It's all
about, are you willing to go through the
failures and not give up? And once you
are on that journey, you will realize
there is nothing more soft than living a
life that you actually enjoy, that you
actually love so much. Even though you
might are super busy, even though you
might are working a lot, but you're
working with something you love doing. I
love creating my videos. I love taking
care of myself. What really gives me
life, what really makes me feel soft and
feminine, is to step into my purpose, is
to do something purposeful with my life
that also gives me the freedom, that
also allows me to live a life I love,
that also allows me to earn money from
it, to
flourish in it, to become a better
version with it. Soft life does not mean
no responsibilities.
It does also not mean just being taken
care of by anyone that comes across. It
means having the freedom to be selective
with who you let into your life. It
means having the freedom to speak your
mind. It means having the freedom to do
what you love on a daily basis. And you
can do that. You can do that, okay? No
matter where you are from, you are so
capable of doing that. And girl, I root
for you. I want you to win, too. I want
us to win all because I do not have
anything from doing these videos and
then you not succeeding. I do not have
anything from you choosing or not
choosing a wealthy man that takes care
of you. I flourish when you flourish. I
succeed when you succeed. And don't get
me wrong, I want you also to have a
provider man, okay? I want you to have
the love and the man that provides for
you, spoils you, gives you gifts,
gives you money, creates safety for you
and with you in that relationship. But I
want you to have that while you're
having your own life going on, while
you're having your own safety and
stability. You're having your own
container where you can hold yourself,
so you do not need to depend on a man.
You do not depend on a man financially.
You do not depend on a man emotionally.
I want you to be secure and stable
yourself. And then, please, yes, have
the man. Enjoy it all. It's all about
choosing men and not needing them. You
simply need to stop wanting a man to
fill that hole inside you and fill it
yourself first. You do not want to have
the money, you want relief. You do not
want to have the gifts, you want
validation. You do not want to have a
provider, you want to feel safe. And all
of this comes from self-respect,
boundaries, skills, and income. The
concrete steps to start becoming
unplayable is to first of all, stop
dating from survival mode. Second, build
one monetizable skill. This can be
scripting, writing, photography,
creating content, horse riding. This can
be anything. Create that skill and
become so good in it. Next, increase
those income streams from that skills.
This can be through digital products,
physical products, courses, classes,
whatever it will come your way. Do not
get overwhelmed by figuring everything
out at once. You just need to start. And
the fourth step is raise your lifestyle
slowly and on your own. Many times we
give up because things do not happen
fast enough or it seems too far away and
we do not see the progress, but even
small progress is a progress. For
example, my change in lifestyle from
this year to last year is not that big.
I would almost say nothing changed. But
if I think about my change in lifestyle
from 3 years ago to today, 4 years ago
to today, that's a massive change. You
do not need to build Rome within a day.
Take your time and don't be too hard on
yourself. Anyways, guys, I hope this
could help. Thank you so so much for
watching. I love you endlessly and I'll
see you in my next video. Bye-bye.